# Font
# font-family = JetBrainsMono NFM Regular
font-thicken = false
font-family = "Martian Mono"
font-size = 14
adjust-cell-height = 20%

# Window
macos-titlebar-style = hidden
quick-terminal-position = top
quick-terminal-screen = mouse
window-width = 100
window-height = 35
keybind = global:ctrl+z=toggle_quick_terminal

# Behavior
copy-on-select = true
clipboard-paste-protection = false
quick-terminal-autohide = true

# UI
theme = rose-pine
background = #191724
background-opacity = 0.95
background-blur-radius = 20
cursor-color = #f38ba8
cursor-style = block
mouse-hide-while-typing
selection-background = #1d3c3b
selection-foreground = #eeeeee
adjust-underline-position = 40%
adjust-underline-thickness = -60%
confirm-close-surface = false
unfocused-split-opacity = 1.0

# Icon
macos-icon = custom-style
macos-icon-frame = plastic
macos-icon-ghost-color = #eb6f92
macos-icon-screen-color = #31748f
